Idea 1 - Spotify:
    
    A. Our idea is to create a database based on Spotify. This idea is not new as it Apple Music, Amazon music, and Pandora have existed in the past. Many users use Spotify because it is available for all smartphone users. It is also accessible on Windows and Mac computers and laptops. We are borrowing an idea from an existing business. Spotify keeps track of the upcoming and popular artists entering their database. A typical business day would consist of users signing up for Spotify and being able to stream music for low cost. As a business, we keep track of the hottest artists and their followers. The most popular songs.
    and albums.

    B. List your 5 tables and for each provide details about what data will be stored in the tables.

User- would illustrate how much payment plans and usage the customers require.
Artists would be a table on its own. Then there would be a subtable that includes their first name, last name, unique ID, their custom playlists, total views, and the amount of total followers
Song, within artists there are songs that have a unique ID, Genre ID, Artist ID, Apple ID, song name, play count, Album ID
Podcasts would have the name of podcast and total views associated with it
 Spotify's Playlists are auto-generated by Spotify. This contains what music you listen to and which songs are the most popular, views, and different playlist genres
Radio would contain which are most listened to, which ones are most popular during the day 

   C. Goal
    The goal of Spotify is to figure out the relationship between artist and user. This will track
    the correlation between the amount of hours a user typically spends on a particular artist.  For this example, we will use “end-users”  and “artists” to determine this relationship. 


Idea 2 - Starbucks:
A. Our idea is to create a database based on Starbucks. Starbucks is an overwhelmingly successful coffee shop and they would have end-user data based on sales, time spent in the restaurant, etc. As a business they keep track of what products sell the most and times that the restaurant sees the most traffic.

B. List your 5 tables and for each provide details about what data will be stored in the tables.
Products→  Products will store Product related data using Item ID as a primary key. The constraint on this will be that item ID is always unique. Its attributes are cost, size, and 
	prep time. This attribute will have a many to one relationship with inventory and 
	transactions. 
Employees →  Employee data will store employee related data. The Employee ID will 
	be the primary key. The constraint on this data is that Employee ID is always unique. 
	The attributes for this table are Employee ID, first name, last name, wage, and address. The shift ID can serve as a secondary key. This will be a one to many relationship
between Employee ID and Transaction ID.
Transaction  →  Transaction and sales data will be stored here. The Transaction ID will be the primary key and is a constraint because it is always unique. The attributes of this table will be revenue, employee ID, and item ID. This will be a many to many relationship between transaction ID and item ID.
Inventory → Inventory will store data about what the store has in stock. Item ID will be
	the primary key here. The attributes of the table will be item ID, cost, prep time, and
	count. 
Restaurant → The data stored here will include data about the store itself. The primary
	key for this table will be restaurant ID. Restaurant ID will be a constraint because it is
	always unique. The attributes of this table include restaurant ID, hours, employee count, and transaction ID.
	
C. Goal
The goal of Starbucks is to determine which product is most popular, depending on the time of day. We will use “preferences,” “types of products,” and “busiest hours” to determine the most popular product. 

Idea 3 - Uber

A. Our idea is to create a database based on uber. This is using the basic concept of connection where customers of the uber app users will pay before calling the uber.
As a business we will keep tracks of the trips made by the driver and the reviews of the customers from uber driver. This will eventually help us find what type of relationship it is.

B. List your 5 tables and for each provide details about what will be stored in the tables.
a.Trips will store trip related data using the trip ID entity as a primary key, the constraint on this will be that trip ID is always unique.The attributes for this table are distance, location, wait time, start time, end time, customer rating and driver rating. Along with the foreign key unique attributes driver ID, customer ID, transaction ID. This entity will normally have a many to one relationship.
	Driver profile will include  the overall rating of the driver, Driver ID, first name 	
User data will be saved as a form of UserID , rating, first name last name, saved payment methods, past trip details, and the location of customers.
Car data will be represented through the numerical location (latitude and longitude), driver id, type of uber, and license plate
b. Driver data will store driver related data using the Driver ID entity as the primary key, the constraint on this will be that Driver ID is always unique.The attributes for this table are  first name, last name, Driver rating, car model details and the total trips. The attribute license plate number can serve as a secondary key. This entity will have a one to many relationship with Trip ID and Transaction ID and a one to one relationship with customerID and License plate.
c. Customer data will store customer related data using the CustomerID entity as the primary key, the constraint on this will be that customer ID is always unique.The attributes for this table are first name, last name, payment information and past tripIDs
d. Car data will be represented through the numerical location (latitude and longitude), driver id, type of uber, and license plate
e. Transaction data will be determined from the type of payment, amount, currency, and
transaction ID, flash pricing

C. Goal
The goal of uber is to figure out the relationship between the driver and customer. Amount of trips, drivers’ and users’ profile, car data, and payment data will help us figure out  how the data system works between drivers and customers. Flash pricing and driver rating will determine how the amount of transaction will fluctuate between certain rates depending on the inflation.


Trips will be recorded on the app that includes trip ID, distance, location , driver ID, customer ID, payment details, flash pricing, wait time, start time, end time,and transaction ID for the payment details to be saved

